Welcome to AV testing podcast your modern testing podcast your hosts Alan and
Brent will be here to guide you through topics on testing leadership agile and
anything else that comes to mind now on with the show. Hey Britt hey Alan back
again aren't we we are after a little bit of a delay I hate technology
technology blows whatever just got a new I got some more home decided to go all
in on Google got like some nest stuff to replace my old nest stuff from the old
house which which nest stuff got a lot about I got the desk doorbell I got the
nest locked to replace my old ring and thermostat thermostat of course yeah
because I can't even I'm too stupid now I can't make a normal thermostat work and
why should we have to we shouldn't have to so and of course I can control it
off my phone so that's cool until I until it screws up and I just thought I
hate technology again yeah I don't see that happening so anyway I haven't put
it's in a box on my you ever used it did you use it on your last house no I
had a different lock but this one's cool cuz I can tell if I remembered to
lock the house but I anyway I'll let you know you'd please do like this got
a box of crap so I'm all in on the Google hardware stuff I've got two of the
mini speakers I've got one of the tablet minis speaker thingies forget what
they call it the the only thing I'm disappointed with is so as we talked
about last time I have the new refrigerator it's a Samsung one it's got
a huge friggin else or LCD panel on it or touchscreen panel on it but its voice
control is Bixby oh and I can't stand Bixby yeah I it's on my phone of course
I was Samsung phone but I don't use it I don't either I don't know anyone that
does apparently in the in the Samsung 10 you have the option of disabling it
and replacing it right it really I hear I have a galaxy 10 I haven't figured it
out you have a 10 oh my I'm on there are apps to remap the Bixby button yeah but
Samsung used to keep releasing every time someone found a way to remap it yeah
they would release a new thing that anyway what I can't stand is I can't
stand saying hi Bixby like the name Bixby just doesn't roll for me I'm gonna
call you that now Bixby yeah yeah so speaking of come highly related or
partially related highly more political you made the comment that Samsung wanted
to block people from using the button to disable it you're aware of the
controversy with Blizzard Blizzard no so Blizzard banned a user for being all
up in that and I forget exactly what he did or said but they banned him and for
being pro Hong Kong yes and but so many people were leading their accounts in
protest that they removed all foot they made it virtually impossible for
people to remove their accounts to delete their accounts they took out the
like they disabled I I I haven't disabled mine because I haven't used my
blizzard account in years maybe decade but I was reading on the internet which
is always a source of good information sometimes that they were that people
were unable to delete their accounts because there are four different ways
they could do it and they were all disabled in some way okay so I don't
understand that strategy how does that help because the thing I would do next
is I would go to PayPal or go to my credit card company like if and just
disable it there I would just cancel it right no I don't care if they ask for
auto-pay do not send them money I don't know if a lot of people would figure
that out yeah man so we got some stuff to talk about got a little bit
of a late start and so we should probably get going what do you think
yo yeah yeah I actually I didn't I didn't realize that that's how blizzard
responded so I love you should go look into that I love this not anymore man
you're gonna burn that shit I love the star craft franchise but yeah that's
that's a bunch of crap yeah so and there's lots of stuff it's weird
lots of stuff happening in the world showing should we go in order and get
going do the order order on the order of the things on the board I was gonna say
what do you want to jump around take a big McMuffin there was more stuff on
the list I gave you but let's just start with that so we've been doing a I
was chatting with Brett yesterday about our topics for today we were in our
planning meeting yes planning meeting over slack I said what do you have
for tomorrow right so I got nothing I said okay here's some further I didn't
even realize that we were recording yet today he looked in his bag of nothing and
there wasn't even a calendar reminder no there was I mean nothing so I don't
remember what was on the list or how we got there let's go ahead and start
with what you put on the board which is a a vagary a variation of that
recently for those of you that don't know maybe new listeners I work at
Unity technologies making game development software that is not recent
and I've been there for almost three years before that it by the way that is
an Allen record no no no remember I'm not in the same job I was hired to do I
take that back so yeah two years Brett used to say this I said no no that's
not right but in hindsight he was exactly right because I tend to stay in a
job for two years and and maybe this is not a tangent this is very modern
testinings what happened is modern testinish testinish testing ish got it
it's really it's empty adjacent by the way if you have modern testing stories
please ping me because I'm giving a talk next month where I'm sharing modern
testing stories and so far I have to to share which are awesome and I want to
this is tangent inception I'm sorry I wanted to thank you know Lisa Crispin
author of agile testing and a pure famous an awesome person who listens to
the podcast has been so supportive I really I'm humbled because she promotes
the show and supports the show and is a just a big supporter which is really
cool because she's done she and Janet Gregory with agile testing and the stuff
she's done on her own they've done some cool stuff so that's that's pretty
awesome but she gave me a story about modern testing that I'm going to share at
this talk next month at or a dev but she got a co-worker also at Mabel
different department entirely to write up with graphics and everything which I
will use his own story about how he's using modern testing so I'm great two
awesome stories different same company different aspects of the company and
different approaches but super cool looking for more but just really
appreciate the support from all three listeners are you looking for a complete
empty story or or people who are using the principles to make their lives
yes that one that one oh we should have a ton of those on the three yeah
yeah yeah yeah I hope so yeah and there's one I'll probably dig one out of
I have some other conversations I've had where I've asked some people who have
we're kind of doing modern testing before we put a name to it and assign
principles to it so we can dig up I mean there's a lot of those type of
stories here at Microsoft right I have your last your last you have your last
team at unity right um so send them my way but I think something not us is yeah
yeah you can comment on the blog you can email me Alan at angry weasel calm
just let me know if you have those stories I'm glad to get those from you
like you can mail them to me I can talk to you on zoom we begin to get them
verbatim but anyway I brought that up changing jobs because I worked myself
out of the job I was hired to do at unity which is also reflecting is
something I've not the first time I've done that it's become a habit with me and
I don't know why I do it but it's just it's like it's some negative I you're
right right I think some people would see it as negative but that's sort of
the way I do things I try I optimize what I the tasks I was given or the
goals I was given until I'm no longer needed so I did that my last job at unity
have a new job which again took me about just like the first one about two months
in I figured out what the long-term path was it'll take a while how to make
my how to eliminate the need for my why why not my job 16 months well I've
been there since April May June so you got your left I've been if I've been in
this group almost six months so I'm about a year and a half left to make my job
obsolete okay and what I imagine is within the next six months my job will
morph and then it might reset that timeline but we'll see we'll keep in
touch so one of the things I've been involved with recently and one of the
things I was involved with even at a much deeper level at Microsoft were
something at Microsoft originally called ladder levels then called career stage
profiles then called career guides a lot of companies called career maps and we
called job architecture and what it is is and everyone's seen this if not
there are numerous examples on the internet a grid a matrix of
descriptions that describe what people do at a company at different levels of
career advancement or development and usually they give these names at
Microsoft you are a you are an SDE one then an SDE two then a senior then a
principal then a partner then a fellow then a whatever it's been interesting
I'm gonna kick this off I'm gonna go back to you say you have some strong
opinions on this but right now I'm trying to roll my eyes so hard they've
actually turned 360 it's really creepy they've come all the way back around I
didn't know eyes could do that yes I'm trying to make sure it comes across on
the podcast so let me be so there are pros and cons and I was able to meet
with one of our HR directors before I started at Unity and they were talking
about this process of they wanted to build do something like this and I
gave them all the warning so here's the challenge here's the balance we you
need to deal with the companies that have this one you absolutely need to
provide some guidance to managers and employees on how people can grow their
career and advance and get better and provide more value to the company
however it is a fine line between that and creating a culture where people only
worry about being promoted and I see it's it's like in the horror movie when
you start to see the flashes of the dark side like pop through go go away maybe
if I ignore it it will happen again there's some worry in some parts of the
company when I talk to people about this I think it's it's a difficult it's
a difficult thing to navigate I think it's more of a managerial problem than
an employee problem and a leadership problem than an employee problem but we
can all take part to try to make sure it's really easy to go to the dark side
and I'm gonna stop there and as a Brent eyes are actually spinning backward he
looks like a reverse slot machine I'm hoping they come up cherries anyway I'm
gonna shut up and let Brent talk about his thoughts on this for all before I
go any deeper all right so here's the first thing good I wouldn't want you to
start with the second or third thing awesome okay now I'm starting with the
third thing no I'm not first thing okay when you put in these sort of
structures you got to think you think about the good and the bad and that's
that's what you're doing okay but any tool just like automation co-coverage
example any tool that can be used for good can be used for evil and will be
indeed now there is something it happens quite often at least here at Microsoft
when it comes to promotions this is all limited by budget every company will have
a budget that they allocate to it I don't know how unity does that but we have
a budget guarantee you have a budget right that's one of the things it's
very similar there's a budget and you're expected to be thin the budget and yeah
yeah so here's one trick that companies will use and be very wary of it in the
end that is they will frame it totally in the positive oh we need to have a way to
set a career path so that people can get promoted when it comes to budget for
example oh we want to differentiate our top reward people so you know 9% or 10%
now my eyes are rolling 10% of all of you of your people need to be in the
top rewards so that sort of behavior that even more than even having the
the models there in the first place is what encourages people to focus on
being promoted focus on trying to get in that top percent versus doing the
right thing for the customer if our priority I'm attached to modern testing
our priority is improving the business our priority is not freaking getting
promoted well so there's two businesses in play so we'll talk this out again
alright because I'm now I'm getting boilie here I'm taking my jacket off
yeah so let me first close on on why I was bringing up that that top 10%
budget okay now I don't have enough knowledge of how other companies do this
but here as you go into different tiers the rewards is nonlinear yes okay so when
they push a model that says top 10% and you have a limited budget what does
that force to happen you give your top 10% to the people lower in levels because
they take less of your budget yep and that's that's for sure one thing that
happens until they until they say oh and you have to do it by band or something
silly like that I'm sure that's the next thing that they'll say but what it
does is it forces you to take a huge chunk of your budget and distribute that
and a lot of the times this is my biggest problem with that it creates a
hero culture mm-hmm okay because what in order to let's say I had to raise
Brent let's say I had 10 people and I had to do 10% that meant one of my
person people had to be all the way to the top okay in order to pay for that I
have to put everyone else below average right even if they are yeah and even if
they aren't now what happens though when you do that is it is it creates a
culture of that one person versus the rest of the team it creates and this is
my one of the biggest reasons I left Microsoft is and and anyway in any of
the flashes I've seen none of this bad there have been there are no
inclinations at my current company to do any sort of rewarding like this we try
and reward fairly we have a pretty decent budget do it and we but anyway
this culture of competition where it's not about the hero doesn't give a crap
about the customer the hero the hero is the hero is concerned with being a hero
and my last I've thrown one of the bus before the last group I worked in a
Microsoft team so it's hands down the worst at this stuff the most I think
toxic gets thrown around a lot as a word so I won't call it toxic I'm gonna say
the words what's in your head toxic but it was an unhealthy culture where
people were far more concerned about promotions and looking good and getting
into those top reward bands than they were about actually doing the right
thing for the customer and it just drove me batty I love the times the
reason why you see that as well as this is a defensive action like the only way
to make sure you don't get a bad review is to play this game and and compete to
get a good one yep right so a lot of folks are just trying to avoid pain I
have to do this because if I get another bad review I'll lose my job
there are two businesses involved when it comes to promotions right there is the
business that employs you and there's also the your personal business off for
example here if I were guiding you I would say you need to consider the
business of Alan right you have a right to to get the best pay you you can right
and but not here I'm saying on the open market like your skills are sellable like
it you this is taking a pure economic point of view we talked about pink many
times like that is that is not always appropriate and most often absolutely not
but let's imagine let's say it's it's a year and a half from now you've yet
again succeeded in automating yourself out of a job but this time there's no
home for you and you're like you know what I'm ancient you know I've always
wanted to do this nonprofit consulting gig right but doing that you're gonna go
to 50k a year right now if you love what you're doing enough maybe that's worth
it so this is a good and relevant example because as I don't have a
wrench in on air but I will spend three years I can do it now I took a
definite total comp pay cut to go to unity and I have not once reg even
watching the Microsoft stock go up I haven't once regretted it because it's
the the exponential improvement in mental health and quality of life means a lot
more so pink is exactly right pay people enough and I get paid enough where
money is not an issue I'm paid well I'm paid enough that money isn't an issue
and I don't focus on and maybe this maybe this ruins my own career development
right don't focus on getting promoted I just wanted I want to help people I
want to do the right things I believe in servant leadership I want to provide a
service for our organization and I like doing that so there is a balance so what
I saw at Microsoft and Whitaker and I used to talk about this extensively
where we would see people in we would see people in Peter principle there and what
happens is your value and you know this happens there are people at Microsoft
whose value to the company is far more than their value on the open market
and Whitaker used to joke that we should have all these all partners and
maybe it was Dan Masi who came up with this now I can't remember but it doesn't
matter we had the notion that people a partner level and above which is the high
bonus high stock level Microsoft all those people should have to interview
for an external job once every two years and show an offer that shows that
they're actually worth that money and the argument is the one I just made
those people are more valuable out internally to Microsoft than they are
externally to Microsoft so it the idea that while the notion was fun to talk
about it would never work but I'll ask you how do you deal with I mean what's
the so you have someone in a role who's been who's played this game forever to a
level where they are paid more than their worth but they're still playing
this game and I want to get back on the track of levels again in a minute
but yeah now I'm talking about things that pissed me off about Microsoft I
don't have a good answer for that one right maybe it's out of our hands it's
just something that happens it I'm sure it happens at every company that the so in
2010 the Nobel Prize winners for on the topic of management science I had no
idea there was a Nobel Prize for management science yeah today I
learned they got the prize because they proved that Peter principle exists and
works so do you know why we have the bell curve the bell curve strategy for
promotions and incentives I thought it was something we borrowed that came from
Welch it did and did Welch get it from somewhere else but it is the best
known defense to the pre-d
principle that is why most companies do it because people get promoted to the
point of incompetence and that bell curve is the only tool are the best known
tool to get those people now that they're incompetent out but you and I
both know there are incompetent people in very senior positions at Microsoft
who are still employed what happened there's politicians exist everywhere and
that's actually you're right it's actually a very good answer and and by
the way the let's say let's say you were back at Microsoft and you happen to
be one of those people the way you deal with with it like your defense
against the bell curve is that you you become pro you become very supportive
of people moving into your band whose output would be lower than you I I
watched this I won't name any names because I think they're both still
employed are all still employed at Microsoft but in my last group I had a
friend a good friend who was a partner level which is as I mentioned when
you're out of the room a very senior level while they weren't looking to fire
removed from duty anyone their awards are still spread out across the people
in that band and his goal was to says all I have to do is be better than person
a yep and it was a low bar yes you just had to make sure you're not the one
on the bottom now I will share with you what my ideal strategy would be okay and
I will also tell you I have no idea how to implement this yep but the ideal
strategy because companies they want to make sure that they are paying people
enough to be competitive right they don't want to they don't want other
companies to pull people wages on the purposes of money but it's a full package
right yes money can go down in your company the more your company creates a
very vibrant and genuine employee engagement practice policies right if
people people who are happy need to get paid less I mean it's not a directive
but they need the money less because they're willing to trade off much like
you just said right all right let me go into my my first thing on on ladder
levels yeah and again let's shift let's talk about ladder levels rather and
well yeah we it was a necessary not even a tangent a discussion but go ahead
so first off I guess I'll talk one last closing but on on promotion there are two
ways to get promoted that I've noticed there it actually is it really is just
one way to get promoted you have to add the perception of consistent results okay
and I have seen many people get I'm gonna let you fit I'm gonna let you finish you
want to tweak it or you want to push back I think that's go ahead and go on I
think that's not necessarily universally true I don't know if it I don't know if
it is but there is there's okay so if I actually I'm gonna push back so can you
said you want to get promoting you have consistent results the perception of
consistent results okay so but as being so I'm a I'm a entry-level dev yep and I
write code and I write unit tests for my code and my coach and I deploy my code
and I really take on any new big things don't try harder things but I just do
that and I'm consistent I consistently check in code that has tests and which
is so I'm not horrible if I do that consistently I should get promoted okay
now you're being pedantic I am that the that's my that's my middle name okay
then let me add an adjective okay the perception of consistent exceptional
results oh that's completely different yes go on okay thank you now notice how
I said in every time I defined it I said the word perception because it is in
fact a very successful promotion strategy that all you have to do is get people
to believe you've delivered it and actually delivering it is entirely
irrelevant so you're in the political side of getting promoted which is yes
and which again drives me crazy it absolutely drives me crazy it getting
promoted shouldn't be a marketing spiel or a political rally no all right so my
ideal strategy would be we have some magic means to know that every company
has some magic means to know how much profit they are making off of an
individual that's very difficult it would be and then I would that should
never happen my role is entirely intangible so I do not want that well
even the value my unity to value is somewhere between zero and ten million
dollars somewhere between there well no so folks in an influence role actually
actually that makes it even harder I'm gonna I'm gonna rephrase that my value
to unity is somewhere between negative my salary to a million dollars
somewhere in there okay I could be just a total net loss so but if there were a
way to to actually measure your value and such that you could have say near
real-time visibility to it then you would learn and you would adjust and you
would be able to go oh okay yeah so I spent six months on this thing where I
did I see if I go focus on this thing my value to the company boots but that
let's let's stay out of the theoretical game so let me know I'm gonna cuz I'm
I want to push back it so I I want to see how you do recall that I said this
doesn't exist right yeah okay but but I want to add one more thing so way back
20 plus years ago 25 years ago holy crap somewhere back there I wrote this front
page was this web development tool that Microsoft acquired it caused some bad
things to happen I work working on ie 2 or ie 3 I can't remember and I wrote a
translation tool to help people migrate their their websites or static websites
from the crappy front page output to something that would actually be web
standard compliant and it saved accounts it saved millions of dollars all
on my $40,000 a year salary at the time should I have gotten that should I've
been gotten paid a million dollars that year I don't know okay go on I'm
gonna be quiet at least 30 seconds and I again I admit this is idealistic and
there would be a lot of details to be worked out and they haven't been
because again I don't even know where to begin to start measuring this but
an ideal situation is at every annual review your salary is adjusted such that
the company continues to make the expected amount of profit off of you so
if you do something fantastic your salary goes up because they are expecting
okay this guy is a influencer but you're in a super high role and you know
you start doing the skating thing yeah your salary tanks that's the biggest
issue I see once you get promoted it's really hard to go back down and I think
if there were a fair means that didn't involve subjectivity so I feel like
you're describing my 30 seconds are up I feel like you're describing incentive
based rules let's look at the sales role where a large part of your salary
is dependent on performance and actual measurements yep I think that it
can just as easily even more easily drive the wrong behavior you can steal
subtly steal accounts away from your colleagues you can do stuff to game the
system let's let's try this all the way back so let's say my salary was a base
level of something that I could live on but I had incentives because my job is
intangible because they okay for every let's say our XR budget for dealing with
outages is n dollars some round number ten dollars and through my efforts which
would be intangible but I could tie it to the might I have a bonus tied to I
get a chunk of that money back if we're under that budget so if we only spend
two dollars on incidents throughout the year I get eight dollars back in my as
my as my incentive bonus even that could drive the wrong behavior I could just
say okay no more deployments because those might cause me to lose my bonus
which would not be good for the business so I think it's important that
you have values and things you want to accomplish that are outside of any sort
of incentive so I guess in short I'm pushing back on a said doesn't exist I
feel like an incentive based whether you call it that or not an incentive based
reward system or promotion system would create more problems than it solves it
might it might unfortunately every in every incentive base promote every
promotion system is incentive based okay let's talk about we have a just a little
bit of time left let's talk about ladder levels yeah I want to talk about
you talk started but I want to steer this before we finish to a more we've
talked about everything where they can go badly I want to talk about how they
can be used effectively as well so but go ahead and start with your stuff and
I'll try and steer it so I'm gonna I'm gonna share with everyone the most
common speech I give mentees when they come I
Brent why can't I get promoted yeah it's it's usually some variant of that
people come and start talking the opposite will be hey manager says I suck
but but but but but you know slurry of excuses and and when I get that one I
go look I'll convert it to a promotion discussion then I said look you're
being defensive what one thing I call Jensen's law of politics is he who is
defensive loses always you cannot win any battle taking the defense position
only so I said what you're gonna do is you're gonna start having a conversation
with your manager and you're gonna say yes I understand that that you have this
feeling what I want to have a discussion around is what is the things
that need to be done to go after a promotion because if you try to avoid
getting fired if that becomes your mission there are so many directions you
can go and some of them in fact are worse what you want to do is set a
positive direction that you head towards and if you only get 70% there
strong chance you did manage to avoid getting fired okay so it's a common
conversation now at Microsoft we have several bands and I'll to generalize it
I'll call it we have the beginner band we have intermediate let's call it that
beginner intermediate senior principal partner is the ones I'll go with right
now and the way I tell people the purpose of these bands talk about key
expectations that we need people to learn okay every band has an entrance
and an exit that you have to show consistent capability so let me let me
talk about it the the beginner band the beginner band to get into that you just
have to pass the interview right and that different teams will have different
skill sets but you just have to pass the interview to get out of that band
there's two key things that you have to do number one you have to show that you
have mastered independently learning what you need to learn so know how do
you stack overflow whatever but you in other words the people who I see that
don't get out of that band are the ones that constantly talk to their managers or
others around well how do I do this how do I do that how do I do this how do I
do that okay now things that are hard right we've talked about this before
knowledge work is hard and it needs to be reduced but you have to show
capability that you can learn on your own to go that's to leave the current
band you still have to be able to go into the next band and that is you have
to show the capability to go into the next band of getting stuff done okay
that intermediate band when you look at for example Microsoft stats that's where
most people are yep and that's where the most of the work gets done and
that's in it is and the expectation there is if we're gonna move you into
the band you've shown capability that you're gonna be able to independently
get work done and and and those are generally your hot and to be clear my
previous statement those are typically the highest output folks right and then
I also want to interrupt and say like the bands of Microsoft are not unique
every company has basically the same band that's my experience as well and
you can go to levels dot FYI a website it you can compare level systems of
50 different companies and they're all kind of the same yeah and and I think
it's because there's only four or five key criteria right the first one I said
you have to show mastery of being able to independently learning but capability
to independently get stuff done okay all right now to get out of that
intermediate band you have to show mastery of independently getting stuff
done but capability of leadership okay and that's leadership not at leadership
influence technical leadership getting working through others not necessarily
management to be clear leadership in my criteria is in order to be a leader you
had to have followers and that means people in leadership can be people
leadership or technical leadership but there has to be an indication that
people are following you or the capability of leadership all right and
then move it along so they're in that they're in this band then they get into
this band where they go to get out of senior the the senior band is you have
to show mastery of leadership but the capability of what I call investing in
the business so you don't fully own the business but you are a key decision
maker for that business and now that's actually super critical and the why
leadership comes before that because if you get into once you go into that
role you have to show that you can make the right trade-offs and the key
part of leadership is being able to get others to follow that new direction
even though it may be tough yes absolutely if you are not a leader and
you move into that and you go oh well what we need to do is this this and
this I say so many people fail at that they just don't get it like they yeah
yeah there is and I'm gonna refer to Maxwell's five levels of leadership not
gonna go through them all but the first level of leadership is you're put
in a position of leadership not a silly management but you're maybe you're in the
senior position then you don't get out of that you don't get to the second
level until people give you their permission to lead them in other words
they become followers like yeah I will listen to you because I believe what you
have to say and you've established some credibility with me a lot of people
never get out of that they put they're put in that position but they don't
know how to get to that second position they don't figure out there's
things they need to do to get to that second level yeah so the biggest issue I
see with people when they move into management is that never learn the
difference between management and leadership sure and then finally lastly
partner you're a business owner right if you don't have experience around
understanding how we should invest certain things it's gonna be really hard
for you to take to take the ultimate head or the the top of the pyramid
position and be really accountable and move that business as a whole forward
there's a lot of things you have to pay attention to mm-hmm uh-huh so I want
to talk about we have a couple minutes left but one thing to build on what
you just talked about is that as a company as a person who is trying to
help people grow through these levels under it is key critical absolutely
necessary you understand what the transition is like between these levels
because that helps you understand what people need to do in order to grow from
one level to the other and again I want to rephrase that because the goal
isn't to grow a person from one level to the other the goal is to help someone
grow their abilities to accomplish things and as a side effect of that they
end up getting promoted because they're able to take on more and more
capabilities at a much wider scope or level of leadership I worry that again
going back it's really easy for the individual to focus on okay I have these
levels now I treat them as a checklist here's what I can do to get promoted your
guide as a manager or as a mentor to these folks is to help them understand
that their goal is to provide more value to the business and these are ways in
which you do it which will also end up getting you promoted because we're gonna
have a business need for someone to be in this wider scope role and help and
help get things done I think it's again I think the abuse of ladders or maps or
guides whatever you want to call them is a management problem or a leadership
problem sure it is not the fault when I had employees who were every single one
on one or maybe every other one on one what do I need to do to get promoted to
the next level what do I need to do that is that is easy no that but show show
consistency that you're operating at the next level done when they would ask that
that is I recognize that and I would lead off of that that is my fault as a
manager it's my fault if you have to ask that it's my fault not entirely if
they're at a lower level it's right you can turn okay fine I could turn around and
ask what do you think you need to do there should be but that discussion like
I've I talk a lot with employees about career growth like making sure that ACB
framework where you have stuff that stretches you you want to have a good
chunk of that stuff it's hard new for you a bunch of stuff you're good at and
minimize the stuff that's sort of below your your wheelhouse talk a lot
about that making sure people have the appropriate level of stretch work because
that those are the things that's my job as a manager to make sure those are
things that are guiding you towards a more value to the company and at the
same time a higher level let me let me try something out okay okay mmm this is
not a big stretch for me because this is actually how I do that okay right if
you remember as I was going through these bands I kept on using the word
independently a lot great first bam you need to show mastery of independently
learning next one independently doing what do you think the next one is
independently leading correct what about the next one this one's harder
independently deciding or make independently making decisions including all
of the follow-through including I didn't know I could have multiple clauses in
my answer no I just want it to be following through on your decisions
right I have several employees who aren't yet ready to go to that principal band
but they're at the top of the senior as an example I've come up with a strategy
that seems to resonate and work because sometimes that independently
deciding things it's vague oh I decide things all the time independently I'm
gonna check this in I'm gonna make a hack here right it is so the way I frame
it is all right let's look at the KPIs that our executives are targeting which
one of these do you want to take ownership of and they're like what which
one of these do you want to take ownership of what and what that's
going to mean is I'm going to carve off some scope right because obviously you're
one person you can't do this for all of Microsoft but if you can that's super but
we're gonna carve off the correct scope and what you're going to do is
you're gonna move that KPI you're gonna make all the decisions you'll be
responsible for talking to all of the people that need to be talked to
getting the correct assets put in place in a timely fashion etc etc etc the goal
move that KPI be the decision maker for a key portion of the business and when I
frame it that way they get it they're like oh that's hard I'm like oh yes now
you're beginning to get it now you're beginning to get it all right we could
go on and so let's do this we're out of time so let's close there and then if
there are questions you can ask them either in a comment to this episode you
can join our slack channel you can go to modern testing org to get an invite an
invitation or you can email me Alan and anger weasel calm and go a little
deeper otherwise we'll move on to the other topics we didn't get to next time
sound good to you yeah so thank you for going through a little bit of a I think
this is what I mentioned improving the business is the goal I didn't that wasn't
just so I could make the sound modern testinish I think that's my new word I
I really do believe that you need to tie your growth to principles and values
in this case it's going to be both the business that you work for in your
business the business of Allen for example yeah the business of Allen is
doing okay anyway lots more to talk about we will get into it today but
we'll talk to you next time I'm still Allen are you sure fairly positive and
I'm Brett all right bye